GH-3521: Delayer: schedule release task with TX (#3525)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/delayer.adoc

----
Message<String> delayerReschedulingMessage =
    MessageBuilder.withPayload("@'delayer.handler'.reschedulePersistedMessages()").build();
controlBusChannel.send(delayerReschedulingMessage);
----
====

NOTE: For more information regarding the message store, JMX, and the control bus, see <<./system-management.adoc#system-management-chapter,System Management>>.

> Starting with version 5.3.7, if transaction is active when message is stored into a `MessageStore`, the release task is scheduled in a `TransactionSynchronization.afterCommit()` callback.
> This is necessary to ensure that there is no a race condition when message is not stored because no transaction commit yet, but scheduled task is ready to be performed after delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.3.7, if a transaction is active when a message is stored into a `MessageStore`, the release task is scheduled in a `TransactionSynchronization.afterCommit()` callback.
This is necessary to prevent a race condition, where the scheduled release could run before the transaction has committed, and the message is not found.
In this case, the message will be released after the delay, or after the transaction commits, whichever is later.
```
